I
oh yeah
definitely the winner
krystal smoking too
oh I'm glad my keys take my partner
you
anyway
seriously
he's undercover all right hey you could
tell them the 50 fucking pins on the
carpet well the flashers ALS out of
three he had those little stroking
things yeah like our son Leo g gunning
for and I got for cop huh good fucking
actually calm down here now I'll come on
and say oh you know we make some work
for 5 7 11 / up to sex save-a-lot focus
well they like calling people are so
so he was bigger than God red star just
offering he's already running he tried
some pancakes
that's cool there we go benefactor Irish
setting on the Sun all right
my light it all is it red seven leads to
proffer funky will stay on the streams
we're gonna do yeah i'm thinking i might
walk to anything